# vim:ft=config

term = xterm-ghostty
title = Ghostty

window-decoration = false
window-height = 150
window-width = 250

font-family = Meslo LG M

font-style = default
font-style-bold = false
font-style-italic = false
font-style-bold-italic = false

font-thicken = false

font-size = 11.25

bold-is-bright = false

font-feature = -calt
font-feature = -liga
font-feature = -dlig

freetype-load-flags = no-hinting

adjust-cell-height =
adjust-cell-width =
adjust-underline-thickness = -1
adjust-underline-position = 2

background = #1b1f24
foreground = #d9d9d9
selection-foreground = #000000
selection-background = #bad5fb
selection-invert-fg-bg = false
palette = 0=#000000
palette = 1=#d54e53
palette = 2=#b9ca4a
palette = 3=#e6c547
palette = 4=#7aa6da
palette = 5=#c397d8
palette = 6=#70c0ba
palette = 7=#eaeaea

cursor-style = block
cursor-style-blink = false

window-padding-x = 2
window-padding-y = 2
window-padding-balance = true
window-padding-color = background

copy-on-select = clipboard

confirm-close-surface = false

shell-integration = detect
shell-integration-features = sudo,no-cursor,no-title

macos-option-as-alt = true
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
